I What's Up B to this was quarterfinals
phasers SB during the MLG 5k and you
know it was the same because we're up 20
going to bad side and we still felt
confident you know we got this and at a
certain point it was a minute about
almost about a minute and a half left
and we're down by a flag it was 23 they
match come back and get 350 and we
realized we have to step it up I do too
insane flag routes you know I get some
huge kills to get the flag out to get it
around a little bit get two caps to make
it to win it and it was a saying the
reaction is saying everybody got hyped I
hope you love the video don't forget to
Like comment subscribe and enjoy let's
be honest here no no no you see the dog
you see the double our base he was
running on that the two piece you guys
and I literally killed him from their
bottom line of coke am I so I got a
skokie better keep it up
what score I'll get him I'm fish I'm not
gonna head I'm in their base emitter
base i have to be back babe ok back Game
Doug I got back here it's not pulled
over football no no on the phone I got
the 20 but I forgot about the Tommy week
dogs we can walk like dub dub this week
dog this week you see any went bottom I
say we just fucking OE dude okay fuck it
we gotta get a counter little dull
middle done middle dun da middle done
that's fun on my base must out are we
I'm pulling I'm going I'm going with you
join us go but I gotta get this like
we're gonna get this phone I base this
database turn abyss and they lobby i'm
in the lobby Jordan no I didn't look I'm
going back cave what's not a pool flies
one pool dude plugs one hit man just
three on the play do you up study to us
let's get up can you rent a POV talk
about chacha you got me looking through
I got it I got I got I got it we're
gonna have anyone you ready pull I think
I feet along go to one I got by the time
I got on top stud that one what about to
motown I go beau let's go w on to fetch
I'm fine with him my body do you don't
listen buddy I'm so weak the shit yeah
watch your bottom I'll be watching
bottom are built LOL today for the win
I'm go for a challenge on my tongue body
by rights 20 x 40 kills video one
actually law if you want us to be lively
i'm challenging i got him this has to be
one more dose today dude he's laying in
the back of this spawn fizzers oh ho
Channel watch how i got our stay at this
they can go watch his phone what you
tell us what she tell us about your age
we always on his army I know what our
fitness alcon there's all connected and
you know I go go go go go
lobby by the money oh my god oh my god
shoot it on your son I got destroyed oh
my god we just got destroyed I read it
like like a beautiful Kate were those
see these cuts all right so physics just
item another way I just shit on John and
s overall oh that's how you gonna cut
off Jay good shit do you know not the
last time Doug there was there was one
that was chasing him in lobby and it was
to pool to instantly one guy found on
our circuit guy was jus to me I saw his
head i just started going in circles it
was really really hot